[v6] trailing slash never for endpoints with file extension (#12467)
withastro/docs: src/content/docs/en/guides/upgrade-to/v6.mdx

```

<ReadMore>Learn more about [Internationalization routing](/en/guides/internationalization/#routing).</ReadMore>

> value

Author: Yes! Not sure how it got there

> value

Author: ```suggestion
```

<ReadMore>Learn more about [Internationalization routing](/en/guides/internationalization/#routing).</ReadMore>

> ### Changed: endpoints with a file extension cannot be accessed with a trailing slash

Reviewer: I *kind* of feel like this is maybe less a "changed default value" and more of a generic breaking change? And, I might phrase it as 

```suggestion
### Changed: Endpoints no longer produce URLs with trailing slashes
```

<SourcePR number="14457" title="feat!: trailing slash never for endpoints with file extension"/>

In Astro v5.0, endpoints with a pathname ending with a file extension (eg. `/src/pages/sitemap.xml.ts`) could be accessed with a trailing slash (`/sitemap.xml/`) or without (`/sitemap.xml`), no matter the value of `build.trailingSlash`.

In Astro v6.0, these endpoints can only be accessed without a trailing slash.

#### What should I do?

> Review your links and remove any referencing an endpoint ending with a file extension and a trailing slash:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Review your links to your custom endpoints (which will include a file extension in the URL) and remove any trailing slashes:
```

```html del={1} ins={2} title="src/pages/index.astro"
<a href="/sitemap.xml/">Sitemap</a>
<a href="/sitemap.xml">Sitemap</a>
```

> <ReadMore>Learn more about [`build.trailingSlash`](/en/reference/configuration-reference/#trailingslash).</ReadMore>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<ReadMore>Learn more about [custom endpoints](/en/guides/endpoints/).</ReadMore>
```
I think taking people to endpoints is more helpful here, since the config actually doesn't matter for this particular thing!

Also, I think we should say something *on* the endpoint guide about what the resulting URL will look like, and have a statement that regardless of `build.trailingSlash`, these URLs will not be accessible with a trailing slash.

> <ReadMore>Learn more about [`build.trailingSlash`](https://docs.astro.build/en/reference/configuration-reference/#trailingslash).</ReadMore>

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
<ReadMore>Learn more about [`build.trailingSlash`](/en/reference/configuration-reference/#trailingslash).</ReadMore>
```
